Adds content to menu react examples (#8018)
patternfly/patternfly-react: packages/react-core/src/components/Menu/examples/Menu.md

- Use the `to` property to direct users to other resources or webpages after selecting a menu item, and the `onClick` property to pass in a callback for specific menu items.
- Use the `isDisabled` property to disable a menu item. 
- Use the `isPlain` property to remove the outer box shadow and style the menu plainly instead. 

```ts file="MenuBasic.tsx"
```

### Danger menu item

To indicate that a `<MenuItem>` is connected to a potentially destructive action, use the `isDanger` property. The "Delete" item in the following example demonstrates how danger items look.

```ts file="MenuDangerMenuItem.tsx"
```

### With icons

Use the `icon` property to add a familiar icon before a `<MenuItem>` to accelerate text label recognition.

```ts file="MenuWithIcons.tsx"
```

### With actions

To connect a menu item to an action icon, add a `<MenuItemAction>` to a `<MenuItem>`, and use the `icon` property to load an easily recognizable icon.  

To trigger an action when any menu action icon is clicked, pass a callback to the `onActionClick` property of the `<Menu>`. The following example logs to the console any time any action icon is clicked. 

> To trigger an action when a specific item's action icon is clicked, pass in the `onClick` property to that `<MenuItemAction>`. The following example logs "clicked on code icon" to the console when the "code" icon is clicked. 

Reviewer: Does this action only happen when clicked? What if we said "is selected" instead of clicked to include screen readers or people not using a mouse?

```ts file="MenuWithTitledGroups.tsx"
```

### With favorites

The following menu example allows users to favorite menu items, an action that duplicates a menu item and places it in a separated group at the top of the menu. The `isFavorited` property identifies items that a user has favorited.

```ts file="MenuWithFavorites.tsx"
```

### Filtering with search input

A [search input](/components/search-input) component can be placed within `<MenuInput>` to render a search input at the top of the menu. In the following example, the `onChange` property of the text input is passed a callback that filters menu items as a user types.

```ts file="MenuFilteringWithSearchInput.tsx"
```

### Option single select

The following example demonstrates an option select menu that persists a selected menu item. Use the `selected` property on the `<Menu>` to label a selected item with a checkmark. You can also use the `isSelected` property on a `<MenuItem>` to indicate that it is selected.

```ts file="MenuOptionSingleSelect.tsx"
```

### Option multi select

> You may need to persist multiple selections that a user makes, as demonstrated below.

Reviewer: I'd suggest trying to avoid directional language, such as "below", to help keep it inclusive for people using screen readers. I think you could just remove "as demonstrated below" altogether because the other examples don't explicitly tell the user to look anywhere

## Examples

### Basic menus

A menu may contain multiple variations of `<MenuItem>` components. The following example shows a few different states of menu items, where they may:

- Use the `itemId` property to link to callbacks. In this example, the `onSelect` property logs information to the console when a menu item is selected. In practice, specific actions can be linked to `onSelect` callbacks.
- Use the `onClick` and `to` properties to direct users to other resources or webpages after selecting a menu item.
- Use the `isDisabled` property to disable a menu item. 

```ts file="MenuBasic.tsx"
```

### With icons

Use the `icon` property to add a familiar icon before a `<MenuItem>` to accelerate text label recognition.

```ts file="MenuWithIcons.tsx"
```

### With actions

> Add a `<MenuItemAction>` to a `<MenuItem>` to trigger an action when that item is selected. 

Author: Went with something like this, but structured a little differently than you suggested, so lmk what you think. I also switched this title to "with action icon" since the basic example shows an action item without an icon. Does that sound accurate?

> Add a `<MenuItemAction>` to a `<MenuItem>` to trigger an action when that item is selected. 

Reviewer 2: It's looking good! The example title could go either way. Right now we have other components with examples that just use "With actions", so it may depend which is clearer in terms of the purpose of the example.

Otherwise I think the only nit I have with the updated description is maybe instead of "To execute a callback...", we could use your original verbiage of "To trigger an action..."? What do you think?

```ts file="MenuWithTitledGroups.tsx"
```

### With favorites

The following menu example allows users to favorite menu items, an action that duplicates a menu item and places it in a separated group at the top of the menu. The `isFavorited` property identifies items that have been favorited by a user.

```ts file="MenuWithFavorites.tsx"
```

### Filtering with text input

A (text input)[components/text-input] component can be loaded within `<MenuInput>` to load a search input at the top of the menu that filters menu items as a user types.

```ts file="MenuFilteringWithTextInput.tsx"
```

### Option single select

The following example demonstrates an option select menu that persists a selected menu item. Use the `selected` property to label a selected item with a checkmark. A `<MenuItem>` may use the `isSelected` property to indicate that it is selected.

```ts file="MenuOptionSingleSelect.tsx"
```

### Option multi select

You may need to persist multiple selections that a user makes, as demonstrated below.

```ts file="MenuOptionMultiSelect.tsx"
```

### With drilldown

> Use a drilldown menu to contain different levels of menu items. When a parent menu item (an item that has a submenu of children) is selected, the menu is replaced with the children items. A header displays the name of the parent, with the option to go back one level.

Reviewer 2: @kmcfaul would you have a suggestion for what else could be included for the drilldown examples (or just this initial one)? I feel like at least it'd be worth mentioning the `<DrilldownMenu>` component.

Author: I changed up the drilldown examples (can't tell what's going on with the submenu one because of the visual issues). These may have been good changes, or they may have been bad -- lmk! I was trying to refer more generally to the related properties than the specific example implementation variables, but I don't feel confident that this is more effective

Reviewer 2: Adding some of those properties I think definitely helps!

In terms of the Initially drilled-in menu example, I'm wondering if the verbiage regarding `onGetMenuHeight` should be mentioned in the first drilldown example instead, since it's a property used in all of the drilldown examples.

Regarding the submenu functions example, I believe this might be the PR where it was first introduced: https://github.com/patternfly/patternfly-react/pull/6872

```

### Item checkbox

Use the `hasCheck` property to add a checkbox to a `<MenuItem>`. Use the `isSelected` property to indicate when a `<MenuItem>` is selected.

```ts file="./MenuWithCheckbox.tsx" isBeta
```

### Menu footer

Add a `<MenuFooter>` that contains separate, but related actions at the bottom of a menu.

```ts file="MenuWithFooter.tsx"
```

### Separated items

Use a [divider](/components/divider) to visually separate `<MenuContent>`. Use the `component` property to specify the type of divider component to use. 

```ts file="MenuWithSeparators.tsx"
```

### Titled groups of items

Add a `<MenuGroup>` to organize `<MenuContent>` and use the `label` property to title a group of menu items. Use the `labelHeadingLevel` property to assign a heading level to the menu group label. 

```ts file="MenuWithTitledGroups.tsx"
```

### With favorites

The following menu example allows users to favorite menu items, an action that duplicates a menu item and places it in a separated group at the top of the menu. The `isFavorited` property identifies items that a user has favorited.

```ts file="MenuWithFavorites.tsx"
```

### Filtering with text input

> A [text input](components/text-input) component can be placed within `<MenuInput>` to render a search input at the top of the menu. In the following example, the `onChange` property of the text input is passed a callback that filters menu items as a user types.

Reviewer 2: For the textinput link, we just need to update it to:

```suggestion
A [text input](/components/text-input) component can be placed within `<MenuInput>` to render a search input at the top of the menu. In the following example, the `onChange` property of the text input is passed a callback that filters menu items as a user types.
```

Author: yep 😆 I somehow always manage to have something backward or missing with md links

- To indicate the path of drilled-in menu item ids, use the `drilldownItemPath` property. 
- Pass in an array of drilled-in menus with the `drilledInMenus` property.
- Use the `onDrillIn` and `onDrillOut` properties to contain callbacks for drilling into and drilling out of a submenu, respectively. 
- To account for updated heights as menus drill in and out of use, use the `onGetMenuHeight` property. When starting from a drilled-in state, the `onGetMenuHeight` property must define the height of the root menu.

```ts file="./MenuWithDrilldown.tsx" isBeta
```

### Initially drilled-in menu

To render an initially drilled-in menu, the `drilldownItemPath`, `drilledInMenus`, and `activeMenu` properties must be set to default values.

```ts file="./MenuWithDrilldownInitialState.tsx" isBeta
```

### With drilldown - submenu functions

For added flexibility with large menus, you may create a menu by passing a function to `drilldownMenu`. This approach allows you to create menu items dynamically, rather than creating everything up front.

```ts file="./MenuWithDrilldownSubmenuFunctions.tsx" isBeta
```

### With drilldown breadcrumbs

> Use [breadcrumbs](/components/breadcrumb) when a drilldown menu has more than 2 levels to offer users better navigation.

Author: It didn't seem like that example was scrollable right now, but it will be when the next build goes live? I added this and also moved some examples above the drilldown examples so that the isScrollable property is mentioned elsewhere first.

> Use [breadcrumbs](/components/breadcrumb) when a drilldown menu has more than 2 levels to offer users better navigation.

Reviewer 2: Yep! The other PR got merged so this new description will be accurate

### With drilldown breadcrumbs

Use breadcrumbs when a drilldown menu has more than 2 levels to offer users better navigation.

```ts file="MenuWithDrilldownBreadcrumbs.tsx" isBeta
```

### Scrollable menus

Use the `isScrollable` property to make a long `<Menu>` scrollable and visually condensed.

```ts file="MenuScrollable.tsx"
```

### Scrollable menu with custom height

Adjust the visual size of a scrollable menu by using the `menuHeight` property within `<MenuContent>`. This example adjusts the height to 200px.

```ts file="MenuScrollableCustomMenuHeight.tsx"
```

### With view more

> You may add a "view more" link at the bottom of a menu, which allows users to expand long menus. In this example, 3 additional menu items are revealed each time the "view more" option is selected. Once all items are visible, the "view more" link disappears.

Reviewer 2: I feel like for the most part this description is fine, but did offer an alternative below. The view more functionality isn't really a menu feature, but more logic that can be setup with the menu. This example is really just showing one way you could go about that.

```suggestion
If you want to initially render only a certain number of menu items within a large menu, you can add a "view more" menu item with a callback passed into its `onClick` property that will render additional menu items.

In this example, 3 additional menu items are revealed each time the "view more" option is selected, with a loading icon simulating a network call to fetch more items. Once all items are visible, the "view more" link disappears.
```

Basically wanted to mention the "simulated network call" as well as the fact that the logic to render more items has to be passed in/isn't built into the menu itself.

Reviewer 2: I agree that "expandable" doesn't seem to fit, though I do get where you were going with it. "With view more" I think should be fitting enough for the purpose of the example, though it does kind of bring into question whether it's an example or more of a demo... @mcarrano what do you think?

Reviewer 3: I agree that "expandable" is not right. I'm fine with calling this example "With view more". Or another idea is "With progressive disclosure" as I believe the label "View more" could be changed if one wanted. As for whether this is really more like a demo, I don't know. With the new composable approach I'm less clear about what's a demo vs a component example :)

Reviewer 2: I'd agree with either "With view more" or "With progressive disclosure".

And yeah, there are several components with things that could technically fit as an example or a demo so it's tricky. I think what makes this possibly feel like a demo to me is that it isn't showcasing a particular Menu prop in itself nor does it feel like functionality that's "out of the box", but rather it's functionality that has to be custom written to achieve the desired result.

That said I'm definitely good with keeping this as an example, even if it's a "just for now" thing.
